|0
1|Miu is like a walking personality complex and you pretty much have to beat the use out of her every time. I'll give you she is pretty amusing though.Kiyo has proven himself both intelligent and reliable, while still being very unique and strange. I like him :)
2|Maki Harukawa. Nobody can convince me otherwise!
3|Not only my favorite of this game, but now better than my previous favorites Fuyuhiko Kuzuryu and Gundham Tanaka: Luminary of the Stars himself, Kaito Momota.The guy just has so much positivity and his never give up attitude does rub off on people around him. Sure his idiocy can be a bit grating at times, but he more than makes up for it by showing just how much of a genuinely good guy and good influence he is. Can't go to specifics without spoilers, but if you played to the end you know what I mean.
4|Same as Nadeshiko, Maki. However, I like Kirumi a lot tooShuichi is good but heck i have too many favourites lol
5|I have loads of favorites like Maki, Kaito... Kirumi, Kokichi... but I would have to say Himiko since she's the first one on my list. She's adorable and I love her a lot! This game definitely had solid characters, I love them all.
6|Tsumugi Shirogane.Why?I just love her.Also, Case 6
7|ryoma, easily
8|Tenko  *and Kaede*
9|Originally posted by Nadeshiko:Maki Harukawa. Nobody can convince me otherwise!
10|Without further thinking, Kokichi Ouma.Although I know why people usually tend to hate this kind of character (much like Nagito), I can't help but liking him by the way I see his manipulative and twisted character. He is probably one of, if not the most complex characters in the game.Class trial won't be that interesting without this anti-villain.Probably one of the reasons class trial 6 is my least favorite
11|even after seeing his... uh, interest, korekiyo is 100% my favorite!! he has, to me, the most interesting character at face-value, and although ch3 i feel like the writers honestly got lazy/overshot how much they put into his backstory (really without the whole incest thing he would be the same exact character), hes just... good. very cool 10/10 great personality and his weirdness is exactly what i wanted to see come out of a design like thatplus he has the best design out of any of the v3 kids and his voice acting is great. also also eyeliner on fleek
12|Kokichi Ouma, without a question.
13|I'm surprise so far no one has said any monokubs like monotaro
14|Originally posted by NgzeroNigel:I'm surprise so far no one has said any monokubs like monotaro
15|I didn't start liking Kokichi a lot until way later in the game. I enjoyed looking at his research lab as well as his room in the dormitory along with everything he hoarded and that's just when I started to predict what was going on in his head throughout the killing game. I wondered about what was genuine and what were lies. For someone like me who claims to hate this guy, I analyze him a lot as a character because he's interesting!
16|I kinda like monotaro, the rest of monokubs are annoying though.
17|kirumi and monotaro
18|Miu is a goddess
19|Shuichi is my favorite. It was enjoyable watching him grow throughout the game.
20|I liked everyone except for Korokiyo, my favorites would have to be Maki and Gonta.
21|I actually like this cast a lot, possibly more than the previous games. My least favorite character is probably Shuichi (and yeah, Case 1 was a huge dickpunch :p). I thought I would dislike Gonta more than I did, and even Tenko grows on you. A bitIf I absolutely had to pick a favorite, it would probably be Kokichi for being such an instigator. Nothing he says is boring. :)
22|Miu & Oma
23|Himiko - she is insanely adorable.
24|The savior, Kibo
25|Maki <3    used to be Kaede r.i.p my love
26|for me honestly that will be maki after chapter 2, then second is Angie, then kokichi for imba action lol
27|Originally posted by vmrecca:for me honestly that will be maki after chapter 2, then second is Angie, then kokichi for imba action lol
28|K1-b0. Of course as soon as I started to like him I became paranoid he'd be a murderer or murder victem early on like most of my favorites in these games.
29|Kokichi was my favourite from the moment I saw him. Still my favourite even after finishing the game.
30|Originally posted by evesname191:K1-b0. Of course as soon as I started to like him I became paranoid he'd be a murderer or murder victem early on like most of my favorites in these games.
31|Kirumi, Oma. Miu gets bonus points for being the funnyest of all goofy character from previous games (teruteru/toko). Least favorite would be Angie and Ryoma
32|ALL PRAISE THE LUMINARY OF THE STARS KAITO! I NEED TO MARRY HHIM HE IS DADDY! Next to him I love Shuichi, Maki, and Miu.
33|Probably Shuichi, by the end. He steadily grows into a good character rather than JUST being a fun prepackaged trope.
34|Kaede. ????, why did she have to die?
35|Kaede, Kokichi and Maki
36|Kokichi 100%
37|Kaito and Kaede
38|Kokichi and Korekiyo. I tend to like weird characters.
39|I like all the soundeffects for kokichi and his faces and his lies are pretty fun in the trials
40|Miu because of her awesome lines.https://i.imgur.com/kOa3Zww.jpg
41|definitely Kaito. I honestly thought he'd be another Leon from dr1 (probably the weird spiky hair and goatee) and I'm so glad he wasn't. I love his friendship with Shuichi and Maki, it really feels like you genuinely get to know him and become close to him.
42|Originally posted by Greil9:Not only my favorite of this game, but now better than my previous favorites Fuyuhiko Kuzuryu and Gundham Tanaka: Luminary of the Stars himself, Kaito Momota.The guy just has so much positivity and his never give up attitude does rub off on people around him. Sure his idiocy can be a bit grating at times, but he more than makes up for it by showing just how much of a genuinely good guy and good influence he is. Can't go to specifics without spoilers, but if you played to the end you know what I mean.
43|After finishing the game I gotta say that Kokichi was the best character overall, in my opinion, followed closely by Kaito and Kiyo. Didn't have any characters I hated, but the least liked characters by me are prolly Angie and Tenko, coz their schticks got annoying really fast.
44|Miu, because I don't find her annoying. She's rude/brash, but she means well and it seems as if she's pretty lonely too. And it's hilarious that she's actually so wimpy. It makes her cute. If she didn't have the wimpy side she would have been a lot more annoying, I think.Also, she actually is the one that does the most with her talent out of all the danganronpa games. She made plenty of stuff (plotwise and in FTEs too), did requests, improved Kibo, changed the virtual world, etc.Plus, I like her clothes. A bit weird, but not over-the-top crazy.
45|Originally posted by Sunwave:Miu, because I don't find her annoying. She's rude/brash, but she means well and it seems as if she's pretty lonely too. And it's hilarious that she's actually so wimpy. It makes her cute. If she didn't have the wimpy side she would have been a lot more annoying, I think.Also, she actually is the one that does the most with her talent out of all the danganronpa games. She made plenty of stuff, did requests, improved Kibo, changed the virtual world, etc.
46|makoto neagi
47|Originally posted by  :makoto neagi
48|Miu is a goddamn riot
49|Kokichi has to be my favorite, keeps the game interesting and progresses the story nicely. Gotta love that little evil kid.
50|Its a tie between Shuichi  (relatible, and I like how he develpoed though the game) Kiibo/Keebo (I just love his personality) and kokichi (intresting) for me.
51|Kaede and Shuichi. That might be because i love Detective Story's and DanganRonpa have this pretty amazing talent to deliever this kinda Sherlock and Watson Feel, like Makoto & Krigiri, Hinata & Chiaki, now Kaede and Shuichi^^
52|Miu, she's just so hilarious, while actually being very useful at the same time. It's actually kinda sad that everyone puts her down while continuing to get good use out of her inventions
53|"After reading this entire thread discussion, I am very surprised that a lot of people actually liked Iruma. I would have to say, she was very funny every time she came on screen, but when Ouma started being mean to her I was not happy. He knew that was her vulnerable side and utilized it  mostly in Chapter 4  and it was not funny to me...Otherwise, this is my favorite character list before playing V3:1. Kirumi and Korekiyo2. Himiko 3. Ryouma4. RantarouThis is my favorite character list as of up to Chapter 4,  after witnessing Iruma's death and done a little bit of investigating . ( Chapter 4 spoiler )1. Kirumi and Korekiyo2. Ryouma3. Himiko4. RantarouI have a feeling that Rantarou might move up one, and Himiko will move down one after I finish this game...  The only reason I moved Himiko down was because Ryouma's depression story and the whole backstory of his life just beats out Himiko losing Tenko and Angie, in my opinion, it's just way more interesting and makes me feel sympathy for him. I don't feel as much sympathy for Himiko because she had it coming for ignoring what was infront of her. Although, I am not happy with what happened to both of them...Otherwise, Kirumi and Korekiyo are at the top for their  backstories and purpose in the killing game. Honestly, I could easily put Kirumi at number 1 and Korekiyo at 2, but I feel they both lived up to my expectations, even surpassing them, but Kirumi definitely did better with hers. Either way, I still put them both at number 1. The reason I love Kirumi so much is because she was willing to go so far for her motive. She brutually took advantage of someone who wanted to commit suicide, almost committed a perfect murder, and to make matters even better, did not want to accept her execution so she ran as fast as she could. You have no idea how much that surprised me...AND THEN, her dang execution was satanism for me. My entire body got chills, I practically turned as pale as a ghost as I watched my favorite character get sawed up ona spikey web, climb to the top, and only fall to the bottom because the escape she saw was just a hallucination created by her will to escape. All of those facts just pushes her over the top for me....The reason I love Korekiyo so much is  because of his weirdness, interests, and determination.  He is so weird when you meet him, he wears bandages on his arms, a cover over his mouth, and is creepily interested in the behavior of humans. That's what drew me in at first, but then the 3rd trial happened. As if killing Angie wasn't enough, he's like, "" Well...I've already prepared another death trap, so why not just kill another person? "". So he kills both Angie and Tenko, and then his motives get even weirder. He's another character driven crazy with a mental disorder...This time, someone with schizophrenia. He does incest with his sister, and believes that she has possessed his body. He's also a serial killer who has at least murdered over 80 people, because he states, "" I was so close to reaching my goal of giving her 100 friends. "". I don't know...It just makes me really interested. His execution is one of the longest in the series, if not the longest, and it has a weird ending. Pretty interesting, not one of the best, but it definitely stands out... ."
54|Originally posted by WizoDard:After reading this entire thread discussion, I am very surprised that a lot of people actually liked Iruma. I would have to say, she was very funny every time she came on screen, but when Ouma started being mean to her I was not happy. He knew that was her vulnerable side and utilized it  mostly in Chapter 4  and it was not funny to me...
55|I replied to this thread before but I think my list changed after getting to know the characters more.1. Maki: I like how innocent she can be despite being an assassin. She likes reading manga as well as sweets and I find that really cute!2. Kokichi: I hate the guy for doing what he did to Gonta and Kaito but he's a well written character, obviously intelligent! Despite his malicious behavior in the game, he doesn't like killing anyone and enjoys the police.3. Korekiyo: You can't find a better passionate character than him in this batch. He's also just as intelligent, I personally love aura that he emits. 4. Himiko: She acts like a 10 year old and doesn't seem like a high school student at all but she's so innocent, it's hard NOT to like her. Sure, she can be lazy but that's not anything to be too concerned about and there are others with worse traits. 5. Kaito: Do I have to say? He's positive and would much rather look on the bright side. He's a good friend to Shuichi as well as Maki and he wants to make everyone feel good and considers their feelings and troubles in order to help his friends gain confidence.
56|Originally posted by xlightthefuse:I replied to this thread before but I think my list changed after getting to know the characters more.1. Maki: I like how innocent she can be despite being an assassin. She likes reading manga as well as sweets and I find that really cute!2. Kokichi: I hate the guy for doing what he did to Gonta and Kaito but he's a well written character, obviously intelligent! Despite his malicious behavior in the game, he doesn't like killing anyone and enjoys the police.3. Korekiyo: You can't find a better passionate character than him in this batch. He's also just as intelligent, I personally love aura that he emits. 4. Himiko: She acts like a 10 year old and doesn't seem like a high school student at all but she's so innocent, it's hard NOT to like her. Sure, she can be lazy but that's not anything to be too concerned about and there are others with worse traits. 5. Kaito: Do I have to say? He's positive and would much rather look on the bright side. He's a good friend to Shuichi as well as Maki and he wants to make everyone feel good and considers their feelings and troubles in order to help his friends gain confidence.
57|I'm not too fond of this game's cast except for a few of them, but by far my favorite is Kaito. Everyone here has already said why, biggest bro in the game and the one that made everyone move forward, even with his problem.I wish I were even half as cool and good person as him.
58|Top 3 Favorites :-Gonta : Tragic culprit, the only death that really moved me.-Ryoma : Cool guy.-K1-B0 : It's a mech.Top 3 Least Favorites :-Angie : Her little cult was starting to annoy me since Himiko got on board. During Chapter 3, I was really starting to lose interest in the game because of this ????ing Atua and hoped that she wasn't going to reach Chapter 4, my prayer was heard.-Kirumi : Loved her during Chapter 1...Then Chapter 2 came and her real face showed up during the Class Trial, what a horrible human being of a character.-Kokichi : Really good writing for this character, doesn't change the fact that he was annoying as hell.
59|Originally posted by Tharne:Top 3 Favorites :-Gonta : Tragic culprit, the only death that really moved me.-Ryoma : Cool guy.-K1-B0 : It's a mech.Top 3 Least Favorites :-Angie : Her little cult was starting to annoy me since Himiko got on board. During Chapter 3, I was really starting to lose interest in the game because of this ????ing Atua and hoped that she wasn't going to reach Chapter 4, my prayer was heard.-Kirumi : Loved her during Chapter 1...Then Chapter 2 came and her real face showed up during the Class Trial, what a horrible human being of a character.-Kokichi : Really good writing for this character, doesn't change the fact that he was annoying as hell.
60|Originally posted by Tharne:Top 3 Favorites :-Gonta : Tragic culprit, the only death that really moved me.-Ryoma : Cool guy.-K1-B0 : It's a mech.Top 3 Least Favorites :-Angie : Her little cult was starting to annoy me since Himiko got on board. During Chapter 3, I was really starting to lose interest in the game because of this ????ing Atua and hoped that she wasn't going to reach Chapter 4, my prayer was heard.-Kirumi : Loved her during Chapter 1...Then Chapter 2 came and her real face showed up during the Class Trial, what a horrible human being of a character.-Kokichi : Really good writing for this character, doesn't change the fact that he was annoying as hell.
61|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Tharne:Top 3 Favorites :-Gonta : Tragic culprit, the only death that really moved me.-Ryoma : Cool guy.-K1-B0 : It's a mech.Top 3 Least Favorites :-Angie : Her little cult was starting to annoy me since Himiko got on board. During Chapter 3, I was really starting to lose interest in the game because of this ????ing Atua and hoped that she wasn't going to reach Chapter 4, my prayer was heard.-Kirumi : Loved her during Chapter 1...Then Chapter 2 came and her real face showed up during the Class Trial, what a horrible human being of a character.-Kokichi : Really good writing for this character, doesn't change the fact that he was annoying as hell. How the hell was Kirumi a bad person?
62|Well I kinda disliked Kirumi a bit after her reveal too, but its just mostly because how her character is completely over the top. Nobody is irreplaceable, and those who claim/think they are lose points in my eyes. The closer a character is to a Mary Sue, the worse it gets.
63|Originally posted by Nox Eterna:Well I kinda disliked Kirumi a bit after her reveal too, but its just mostly because how her character is completely over the top. Nobody is irreplaceable, and those who claim/think they are lose points in my eyes. The closer a character is to a Mary Sue, the worse it gets.
64|So? doesn't change over-the-top nature of the character in question
65|Miu Iruma is probably one of my favorites as well. I think she's hilarious and I really like it when she's just... being herself. I love the way she interacts with the others and even though she's rude and selfish at times, I still can't help but like the way she is.I also really like Kirumi Tojo she's loyal as hell and almost more robotic than Keebo (another favorite) but I don't like how she ended up in the game in the end....In the end I like almost every character (except Kokichi... who, so far, has done nothing but be a pain in my 'behinds' (because Steam likes to censor curse words XD)).
66|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by WizoDard:After reading this entire thread discussion, I am very surprised that a lot of people actually liked Iruma. I would have to say, she was very funny every time she came on screen, but when Ouma started being mean to her I was not happy. He knew that was her vulnerable side and utilized it  mostly in Chapter 4  and it was not funny to me...How does what Ouma did make you like Miu less? That makes no sense.
67|Originally posted by Tharne:Top 3 Favorites :-Gonta : Tragic culprit, the only death that really moved me.-Ryoma : Cool guy.-K1-B0 : It's a mech.Top 3 Least Favorites :-Angie : Her little cult was starting to annoy me since Himiko got on board. During Chapter 3, I was really starting to lose interest in the game because of this ????ing Atua and hoped that she wasn't going to reach Chapter 4, my prayer was heard.-Kirumi : Loved her during Chapter 1...Then Chapter 2 came and her real face showed up during the Class Trial, what a horrible human being of a character.-Kokichi : Really good writing for this character, doesn't change the fact that he was annoying as hell.
68|I liked Kirumi less after Case Two as well; specifically when she tried to manipulate the others to take her place for her in the execution. The way she valued her life over the others rubbed me the wrong way and yes I understand her motive but it doesn't change the fact she was okay with letting the others die over herself. I don't hate her or anything and give her props for doing whatever she could to survive but didn't like how she so quickly gave into the game rather than trying to help her friends. Plus you gotta admit her voting for Shuichi in the end was kinda petty.As for my favorites my top five would be Maki (really liked her character arc), Keebo (one of most helpful ones during the trials and I personally loved his facial expressions),  Shuichi (I know it's up to debate his placement among protags in the series but I found his arc really compelling and think he's one of the best protags of the series), Kaito(yeah his positivity could be really irritating from time to time but he really was the Ultimate Bro and helped keep the group out of despair most the time after Kaedewas gone), and Rantaro (  the way he plays into the plot is really interesting to me and I always had a feeling he was a good guy...his FTE's were great too sucks he had to die first :(  . Will admit this was a pretty strong cast and it was hard to narrow my favorites to just 5 :D
69|Originally posted by WizoDard: you should probably spoiler block more stuff in that post
70|Originally posted by t_town20:Originally posted by WizoDard: you should probably spoiler block more stuff in that post  ah sorry edited my comment to block more; thanks for the heads up. Anyways the only character I actually hated was Angie since there was nothing really redemable about her to me. Kirumi isn't my favorite for the reasons I stated before but  I give her props for actually fighting back to the bitter end. I may have not liked it but can respect she didn't give in like most culprits do in the end .
71|Originally posted by t_town20:Originally posted by WizoDard: you should probably spoiler block more stuff in that post  ah sorry edited my comment to block more; thanks for the heads up. Anyways the only character I actually hated was Angie since there was nothing really redemable about her to me. Kirumi isn't my favorite for the reasons I stated before but  I give her props for actually fighting back to the bitter end. I may have not liked it but can respect she didn't give in like most culprits do in the end .
72|Originally posted by t_town20:I liked Kirumi less after Case Two as well; specifically when she tried to manipulate the others to take her place for her in the execution. The way she valued her life over the others rubbed me the wrong way and yes I understand her motive but it doesn't change the fact she was okay with letting the others die over herself. I don't hate her or anything and give her props for doing whatever she could to survive but didn't like how she so quickly gave into the game rather than trying to help her friends. Plus you gotta admit her voting for Shuichi in the end was kinda petty.As for my favorites my top five would be Maki (really liked her character arc), Keebo (one of most helpful ones during the trials and I personally loved his facial expressions),  Shuichi (I know it's up to debate his placement among protags in the series but I found his arc really compelling and think he's one of the best protags of the series), Kaito(yeah his positivity could be really irritating from time to time but he really was the Ultimate Bro and helped keep the group out of despair most the time after Kaedewas gone), and Rantaro (  the way he plays into the plot is really interesting to me and I always had a feeling he was a good guy...his FTE's were great too sucks he had to die first :(  . Will admit this was a pretty strong cast and it was hard to narrow my favorites to just 5 :D
73|Kaito
74|Originally posted by CloverChiaki96:Kaito was great though, I knew that he was going to die though when I played it, but I liked how he was always postive in the face of certain death.
75|Sorry I always forget that. I'll delete that comment.
76|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Tharne:Top 3 Favorites :-Gonta : Tragic culprit, the only death that really moved me.-Ryoma : Cool guy.-K1-B0 : It's a mech.Top 3 Least Favorites :-Angie : Her little cult was starting to annoy me since Himiko got on board. During Chapter 3, I was really starting to lose interest in the game because of this ????ing Atua and hoped that she wasn't going to reach Chapter 4, my prayer was heard.-Kirumi : Loved her during Chapter 1...Then Chapter 2 came and her real face showed up during the Class Trial, what a horrible human being of a character.-Kokichi : Really good writing for this character, doesn't change the fact that he was annoying as hell. How the hell was Kirumi a bad person?
77|Originally posted by CloverChiaki96:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:How the hell was Kirumi a bad person? Kirumi was good. She always had good intentions.
78|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by CloverChiaki96:Kirumi was good. She always had good intentions.  Until she saw her motive video. Then she turned bad because she brutally drowned Ryouma, tried so hard to defend herself in the trial, and even after the trial wanted the others to sacrifice their life for her. But Ouma caught what she was trying to do and pointed it out. She even ran away from her execution to escape to her nation in the outside world. In fact, her entire execution was based off of her will to escape, that's why it was the most brutal in the series...She was definitely not a bad person, but willing to go to extreme lengths just to accomplish a goal.  I love Kirumi and Korekiyo. They're my favorite characters of V3. :D
79|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by WizoDard: Until she saw her motive video. Then she turned bad because she brutally drowned Ryouma, tried so hard to defend herself in the trial, and even after the trial wanted the others to sacrifice their life for her. But Ouma caught what she was trying to do and pointed it out. She even ran away from her execution to escape to her nation in the outside world. In fact, her entire execution was based off of her will to escape, that's why it was the most brutal in the series...She was definitely not a bad person, but willing to go to extreme lengths just to accomplish a goal.  I love Kirumi and Korekiyo. They're my favorite characters of V3. :D However, that is not evil. She merely chose the needs of the many over the needs of the few. Admittedly, if Fate/Zero has taught me anything, it's that that ideal can be easily corrupted, but that does not change any good intentions. It's the same as why Gonta killed in chapter 4. He killed to protect everyone from the outside world.
80|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:However, that is not evil. She merely chose the needs of the many over the needs of the few. Admittedly, if Fate/Zero has taught me anything, it's that that ideal can be easily corrupted, but that does not change any good intentions. It's the same as why Gonta killed in chapter 4. He killed to protect everyone from the outside world.  That was pretty evil. You can chalk it down as putting 16 people as not as valuable as the entire nation of Japan, but either way, she was willing to watch them all get executed for her own goal. She went out of her way just to frame Himiko during the trial, which inevitably made her get caught in the end. To me, that is not considered being good, that's pretty evil...
81|Originally posted by Dels Kibara:Originally posted by WizoDard: That was pretty evil. You can chalk it down as putting 16 people as not as valuable as the entire nation of Japan, but either way, she was willing to watch them all get executed for her own goal. She went out of her way just to frame Himiko during the trial, which inevitably made her get caught in the end. To me, that is not considered being good, that's pretty evil...  Ever heard of the Train Dilemma? Yeah. Kirumi had that. And she chose to kill the few for the benefit of the majority.
82|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Dels Kibara:Ever heard of the Train Dilemma? Yeah. Kirumi had that. And she chose to kill the few for the benefit of the majority.  That is very true, and it defends my point of her acting evil after seeing the motive video too. If you were being good/kind then you wouldn't choose the option that benefits you and not the others.
83|Originally posted by Dels Kibara:Originally posted by WizoDard: That is very true, and it defends my point of her acting evil after seeing the motive video too. If you were being good/kind then you wouldn't choose the option that benefits you and not the others.  But that does not benefit Kirumi. She thinks it's for her nation, her people. She is the de facto leader of Japan. If something bad were to happen to Japan, that's her responsibility.
84|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:However, that is not evil. She merely chose the needs of the many over the needs of the few. Admittedly, if Fate/Zero has taught me anything, it's that that ideal can be easily corrupted, but that does not change any good intentions. It's the same as why Gonta killed in chapter 4. He killed to protect everyone from the outside world.  That was pretty evil. You can chalk it down as putting 16 people as not as valuable as the entire nation of Japan, but either way, she was willing to watch them all get executed for her own goal. She went out of her way just to frame Himiko during the trial, which inevitably made her get caught in the end. To me, that is not considered being good, that's pretty evil...
85|Originally posted by NgzeroNigel:Originally posted by Dels Kibara:But that does not benefit Kirumi. She thinks it's for her nation, her people. She is the de facto leader of Japan. If something bad were to happen to Japan, that's her responsibility. I'll put my two cents in. I don't consider Kirumi evil, more that she hold more desire than anyone else. She trying to go back and care for the country that she taken care of for what assume 1-2 years with people she doesn't want dead. But while she did perform murder in her position think of it like this. Every second she waist someone in her country could be dying. Which would be that she failed another task.
86|DR2  : Fuyuhiko Kuzuryu and Gundham TanakaDRV3: Ryoma Hoshi and Kaito Momota
87|Originally posted by Kura:DR2  : Fuyuhiko Kuzuryu and Gundham TanakaDRV3: Ryoma Hoshi and Kaito Momota
88|I could understand Kaito being memoriable, but Ryoma didn't really stick with me.
89|Originally posted by CloverChiaki96:I could understand Kaito being memoriable, but Ryoma didn't really stick with me.
90|Kokichi I like because he's basically  Snape  in the way he goes in the game.My favourite has to go to Kaito simply because there's nothing there to not like.
91|Originally posted by Capt. Pottypie:Kokichi I like because he's basically  Snape  in the way he goes in the game.My favourite has to go to Kaito simply because there's nothing there to not like.
92|best: maki, kaito, shuichi, kaede, himiko, kokichi, gonta, kiibo, rantaroin the middle: kirumi, angie, miu, korekiyo, tenko eh: ryoma, tsumugii thought tsumugi was boring throughout the game, it seems as though she has no personality to her at all but this is just my personal opinion. at the end, yeah she changed it up a bit but that really doesn't feel like a real legit personality that makes her stand out besides being revealed as the mastermind.some things i wanted to say about maki... maki, i didn't like her at first because she seemed so stand offish but those who played the game, we know why that was. during kokichi and kaito's trial, she ended up frustrating me again and it just seemed like her stubbornness was just getting in the way despite her being hurt by the situation at hand. i would have placed her in the middle for these reasons alone but maki was probably one of the most human characters to me as well as some others.something about rantaro made me love him a lot more, maybe it's the fact that he told us that he had many cousins and felt guilty for losing his sister during his travels with his family. he has that big brother vibe to him which i found really nice.while miu is a good written character, she makes me the most uncomfortable, that's all. korekiyo... he's one of the most passionate about his ultimate talent which makes him interesting despite me placing him in the middle, he creeps me out just as much as miu does to me. if kokichi hadn't done what he did to gonta in chapter 4 then i would have liked him a bit more but he was still an amazing character, his role did remind me of nagito's role just a little from the second game. i've gotten over the whole kokichi and kaito deal though i was sad at first! kokichi doesn't like killing especially doesn't like doing it himself but making others do it which doesn't make it better but what can you do? he was incredibly intelligent but also cute at the same time... if you gained all his friendship fragments then you'd know what i'm talking about.tenko was just not my cup of tea but she's a strong female character who doesn't care about men which i can appreciate definitely. angie was gorgeous with an incredible design but she was just annoying as a character aside from her one liners that i found rather funny during trials and occasionally throughout the story, she seemed very peppy!
93|From a design perspective Rantaro but as an actual character Kokichi. Rantaro would have been my pick if he didn't get offed so early as I like his design and from little snippets we get from his character he seemed really interesting. I know his story get's expanded more in the bonus mode but I feel he's still lacking a bit as we never truly see him in a stressful situation like the trials or some of the later motives, and what that would do to him as a person .Kokichi's just an immensely fun character to watch and it's always interesting to see what he's got planned next. His character did lose some points to me when he offed Gonta in chapter 4 but chapter 5 kinda made up with most of that with his plan to attempt to stop the killing game giving him more depth than he had previously when up to that point he seemed like he was just being a??????for the hell of itRunner ups are Maki and Shuichi as they are easily the characters who go through the most development by the games end which makes them more endearing to me then some of the other cast (excluding Himiko).
94|From a most interesting/would like to see an entire game with them as main characters, favorite girl would be Kaeda and favorite boy would be Rantaro.As far as just my favorites, favorite girl would probably be Kirumi and favorite boy would probably be Keebo
95|Originally posted by Genodice:From a most interesting/would like to see an entire game with them as main characters, favorite girl would be Kaeda and favorite boy would be Rantaro.As far as just my favorites, favorite girl would probably be Kirumi and favorite boy would probably be Keebo
96|Originally posted by NgzeroNigel:Originally posted by Genodice:From a most interesting/would like to see an entire game with them as main characters, favorite girl would be Kaeda and favorite boy would be Rantaro.As far as just my favorites, favorite girl would probably be Kirumi and favorite boy would probably be Keebo But how do you know if Keebo a boy, isn't he a robot.
97|Originally posted by Genodice:Originally posted by NgzeroNigel:But how do you know if Keebo a boy, isn't he a robot. Oh yeah, totally fair point. I guess I keep just coming back to that assumption because other's often refered to with he/him pronouns with Keebo and they're found on the boys side in the dorm/handbook. Well Keebo is by far my favorite robot, and I guess next to him, Ryoma is my favorite boy(?) To be honest, I liked all the boys in this game, but none of them really intrest me that much other than Rantaro and Keebo is just so good and perfect so obviously I love them. Ryoma's cool though, very interesting and not at all who I thought he would be.
98|Originally posted by Dikami:Without further thinking, Kokichi Ouma.Although I know why people usually tend to hate this kind of character (much like Nagito), I can't help but liking him by the way I see his manipulative and twisted character. He is probably one of, if not the most complex characters in the game.Class trial won't be that interesting without this anti-villain.Probably one of the reasons class trial 6 is my least favorite
99|IMO Tsumugi is the best character in the series.
100|Originally posted by desienaalessandro23:IMO Tsumugi is the best character in the series.
101|Kokichi, Fyi i also love nagito, I am a strange person.
102|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Kokichi, Fyi i also love nagito, I am a strange person.
103|Rantaro, I mean have you looked at him? He is beautiful. I really loved his FTEs and  Talent Plan Events . I would have loved to see  what exactly happened in the last killing game where he survived and how his Ultimate Lab (if there were any) would have lokked like when he was the Ultimate Adventurer. Pity we never saw how he behaves in a class trail. Probably would be the only sane man next to Shuichi, without having a 'trust boner like Kaito' (Nothing against him, I love him actually, right after Kokichi, but I don't agree with his blindly trusting nature and he was being slightly annoying during his speeches sometimes.)  Kokichi is a very close second, that sassy little??????  Can't be favorite 'cause being partly responsible for making Gonta kill is not cool. (I understand why, but I doesn't change the fact that Gonta didn't deserve to be manipulated like that) And he has the best  Ultimate Lab. BAT CAVE XD. Although I don't get how Kokichi can be the Ultimate Supreme leader with an organisation with only 10 members who mainly do harmless pranks and petty crimes, but maybe I misunderstoond something, can somebody clarify that for me please? I still don't quite get it.
104|Kokichi. Somewhat similar to Nagito. The only one who really understood what was going on and tried to stop it properly.
105|Originally posted by SeaCatAnna:Rantaro, I mean have you looked at him? He is beautiful. I really loved his FTEs and  Talent Plan Events . I would have loved to see  what exactly happened in the last killing game where he survived and how his Ultimate Lab (if there were any) would have lokked like when he was the Ultimate Adventurer. Pity we never saw how he behaves in a class trail. Probably would be the only sane man next to Shuichi, without having a 'trust boner like Kaito' (Nothing against him, I love him actually, right after Kokichi, but I don't agree with his blindly trusting nature and he was being slightly annoying during his speeches sometimes.)  Kokichi is a very close second, that sassy little??????  Can't be favorite 'cause being partly responsible for making Gonta kill is not cool. (I understand why, but I doesn't change the fact that Gonta didn't deserve to be manipulated like that) And he has the best  Ultimate Lab. BAT CAVE XD. Although I don't get how Kokichi can be the Ultimate Supreme leader with an organisation with only 10 members who maily do harmless pranks and petty crimes, but maybe I misunderstoond something, can somebody clarify that for me please? I still don't quite get it.
106|I enjoyed reading all of these posts after mine at the top of page 7, especially Mrawesomez and xlightthefuse's posts. At this point I'm pretty sure everyone knows who I like and don't care for, just in case:1 - Kirumi and Korekiyo2 - Ryouma and Maki3 - Rantarou4 - Kaede5 - Himiko
107|"Originally posted by WizoDard: I believe the reason Ouma was the Ultimate Supreme Leader is because he was good at leading people and pushing them in certain directions. It doesn't really matter the group of people, 5, 10, 100, 1000, he was still a good, "" leader "". Although it's debatable whether or not he was a dictator..."
108|"Originally posted by SeaCatAnna:Originally posted by WizoDard: I believe the reason Ouma was the Ultimate Supreme Leader is because he was good at leading people and pushing them in certain directions. It doesn't really matter the group of people, 5, 10, 100, 1000, he was still a good, "" leader "". Although it's debatable whether or not he was a dictator...  It still doesn't make sense. According to the 'backstory' they got scouted as Ultimates. I just don't think that the title is appropriate. Ultimate Prankster or Ultimate Trickster would make more sense. I never understood how leadership skills could be quantified. I mean the only way they could notice him were through his pranks and petty crimes, yes? Chapter 6 Spoiler: Then again everything is made up, it could explain why Kokichi didn't believe the flashback lights were real if even his own background doesn't make any sense. He could have lied, but his motive video did say Ultimate Supreme Leader, right?Thank you for your response though."
109|"From just the design i must say Rantaro or Kokichi. Since rantaro seems to be a cool guy, chill and stuff. Kokichi remind me of a little too energic brother who can't express himself the way he want because he have too much older brothers and have to be the little crap of the familly to have some attention. Well i'm not really wrong for that i think. But through the game i have two more good character to add. First saihara, i didn't have a catch for his design but he have this ""little"" thing as a playable that i found in Hajime (sorry makoto your a blank plank). Also last favorite is Gonta. Why? Well.. GONTA GENTLEMAN. How you cannot like him, he is such a cutie.But pleade.. why Angie, why you made her so horribly annoying."
110|"Originally posted by Tatozel:From just the design i must say Rantaro or Kokichi. Since rantaro seems to be a cool guy, chill and stuff. Kokichi remind me of a little too energic brother who can't express himself the way he want because he have too much older brothers and have to be the little crap of the familly to have some attention. Well i'm not really wrong for that i think. But through the game i have two more good character to add. First saihara, i didn't have a catch for his design but he have this ""little"" thing as a playable that i found in Hajime (sorry makoto your a blank plank). Also last favorite is Gonta. Why? Well.. GONTA GENTLEMAN. How you cannot like him, he is such a cutie.But pleade.. why Angie, why you made her so horribly annoying."
111|Maki even prior to the reveal with her, liked her distant and distrusting demeaner as well as how she slowly opened up to you later on.Not a fan of religion but I did like Angie and her very eccentric and cheerful disposition. I was always amused how she would casually and creepily threaten those that would go against Atua's will.  That said when she goes all full-on theocratic on your a$s in the disguise of a student council. She took a nosedive in how I liked her. Was still sad to see her die thoughI also like Korekiyo and how unique he was  up until he cranked the creep factor to 11 in the middle of his class trial about how he appears to maybe be possessed by his dead sister? I imagine Kokichi was someone we were clearly meant to hate much like Nagito (???? him; still don't like him)  but in this case I actually loved how misleading he was at times. Always second guessing his statements.  The point how they tried to making him seem like malice incarnate when you clear the Death Road however was just silly and overly heavy handed, didn't do anything for me.
112|Originally posted by Ginrikuzuma:I imagine Kokichi was someone we were clearly meant to hate much like Nagito (???? him; still don't like him)  but in this case I actually loved how misleading he was at times. Always second guessing his statements.  The point how they tried to making him seem like malice incarnate when you clear the Death Road however was just silly and overly heavy handed, didn't do anything for me.
113|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Ginrikuzuma:I imagine Kokichi was someone we were clearly meant to hate much like Nagito (???? him; still don't like him)  but in this case I actually loved how misleading he was at times. Always second guessing his statements.  The point how they tried to making him seem like malice incarnate when you clear the Death Road however was just silly and overly heavy handed, didn't do anything for me.  I don't think either of them were meant to be hated. Kodaka has written one character with the intention of the fanbase hating them, and that's Monaca. Especially when Kokichi is an ally of the students in the end.
114|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:I don't think either of them were meant to be hated. Kodaka has written one character with the intention of the fanbase hating them, and that's Monaca. Especially when Kokichi is an ally of the students in the end. Monoca's meant to be hated? Why would he ever do this?
115|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Mr Owl:Monoca's meant to be hated? Why would he ever do this? Yeah, he wrote her with the express intention of being hated.
116|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Mr Owl:Monoca's meant to be hated? Why would he ever do this? Yeah, he wrote her with the express intention of being hated.
117|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Yeah, he wrote her with the express intention of being hated. Where did he say that?
118|God, no faith. Look on TVTropes, Wikia, wherever, it'll say that Monaca was made with the express intent of being hated. I'm currently looking for the source, and I'll post another reply when I find it, but both Wikia and TVTropes have stated this. You can also check the edit history there, to confirm that it's been there for a while (specifically, soon after AE's international release)
119|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:God, no faith. Look on TVTropes, Wikia, wherever, it'll say that Monaca was made with the express intent of being hated. I'm currently looking for the source, and I'll post another reply when I find it, but both Wikia and TVTropes have stated this. You can also check the edit history there, to confirm that it's been there for a while (specifically, soon after AE's international release)
120|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:God, no faith. Look on TVTropes, Wikia, wherever, it'll say that Monaca was made with the express intent of being hated. I'm currently looking for the source, and I'll post another reply when I find it, but both Wikia and TVTropes have stated this. You can also check the edit history there, to confirm that it's been there for a while (specifically, soon after AE's international release) You better find that source, ;D.
121|According to my friend, the statement that Monaca was meant to be hated was in the comments of the AE artbook. The only scans of said artbook I can find are on the linked site, and you have to download it. https://reiutranslations.wordpress.com/2015/01/22/danganronpa-another-episode-material-book-scans/
122|Yea, I heard that as well. I think he also said that he couldn't write another Junko, so when he created Monaca he made her a character you basically couldn't like on purpose :p
123|Originally posted by Nexils:Yea, I heard that as well. I think he also said that he couldn't write another Junko, so when he created Monaca he made her a character you basically couldn't like on purpose :p
124|I'm pleased to see how balanced the character writing in this game. They're all so likable, kinda opposite from all previous game. I'm glad they finally take a same approach of that Zero Escape counterpart, give them something eventhough they don't last very long.
125|Originally posted by ~Nutkun7993~:I'm pleased to see how balanced the character writing in this game. They're all so likable, kinda opposite from all previous game. I'm glad they finally take a same approach of that Zero Escape counterpart, give them something eventhough they don't last very long.
126|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by ~Nutkun7993~:I'm pleased to see how balanced the character writing in this game. They're all so likable, kinda opposite from all previous game. I'm glad they finally take a same approach of that Zero Escape counterpart, give them something eventhough they don't last very long. You think that the previous games had characters that weren't as likeable? The only exception I would say is  Leon ( because he gets killed off first, since he was the first killer. ) Not Sayaka because she had a major impact on Naegi and was kind of prominent in the beginning.  Otherwise, Byakuya and Teruteru of SDR2 had their own unqiue personalities and played their part in the killing game.  I would say in contrast, though, that V3 definitely had much more of an appealing cast, even the people who got killed off first didn't go to waste at all...The spoiler blocks are for DR1 and SDR2.
127|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by WizoDard:You think that the previous games had characters that weren't as likeable? The only exception I would say is  Leon ( because he gets killed off first, since he was the first killer. ) Not Sayaka because she had a major impact on Naegi and was kind of prominent in the beginning.  Otherwise, Byakuya and Teruteru of SDR2 had their own unqiue personalities and played their part in the killing game.  I would say in contrast, though, that V3 definitely had much more of an appealing cast, even the people who got killed off first didn't go to waste at all...The spoiler blocks are for DR1 and SDR2. I found alot of DR1 characters bad, Junko, Mukoro, asahina, toko, hifumi. And dr2 characters while less i also didnt like some,  Sonya, Mikan, ibuki, nekomaru, And in dr3 I only disliked tenko.
128|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I found alot of DR1 characters bad, Junko, Mukoro, asahina, toko, hifumi. And dr2 characters while less i also didnt like some,  Sonya, Mikan, ibuki, nekomaru, And in dr3 I only disliked tenko. Why did you dislike Tenko? And I guess I understand where you are coming from now...Although you're a different person, I get the other person's point.
129|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by WizoDard:Why did you dislike Tenko? And I guess I understand where you are coming from now...Although you're a different person, I get the other person's point. I dislike tenko because depth does not make a character less annoying...  I'm glad she died in chapter 3.
130|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I dislike tenko because depth does not make a character less annoying...  I'm glad she died in chapter 3. *stares angrily*
131|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:*stares angrily* I dont know how you dont find her 3 things to say annoying...
132|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I dont know how you dont find her 3 things to say annoying... 3 things? And did you even play through her Free Time Events to at least try and understand her?
133|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:*stares angrily* I dont know how you dont find her 3 things to say annoying...
134|Originally posted by Battler Ushiromiya:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I dont know how you dont find her 3 things to say annoying... *Continues saring angrily*
135|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by WizoDard:You think that the previous games had characters that weren't as likeable? The only exception I would say is  Leon ( because he gets killed off first, since he was the first killer. ) Not Sayaka because she had a major impact on Naegi and was kind of prominent in the beginning.  Otherwise, Byakuya and Teruteru of SDR2 had their own unqiue personalities and played their part in the killing game.  I would say in contrast, though, that V3 definitely had much more of an appealing cast, even the people who got killed off first didn't go to waste at all...The spoiler blocks are for DR1 and SDR2. I found alot of DR1 characters bad, Junko, Mukoro, asahina, toko, hifumi. And dr2 characters while less i also didnt like some,  Sonya, Mikan, ibuki, nekomaru, And in dr3 I only disliked tenko.
136|Originally posted by Ginrikuzuma:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I found alot of DR1 characters bad, Junko, Mukoro, asahina, toko, hifumi. And dr2 characters while less i also didnt like some,  Sonya, Mikan, ibuki, nekomaru, And in dr3 I only disliked tenko. Disliked and badly developed should be more clearly outlined.In that regard Mukuro and Hifumi (and to some extent Mikan and Tenko) I can agree with. Obviously we got nothing on Mukuro thanks to her being the first one killed. While we know her backstory later on when digging up info on her. As a character however she has none due to not being alive to show any of her own character. Unless we count the non-canon stuff like Dangan IF) Hifumi (and I guess Tenko) were rather one dimensional characters.As for the others if you dislike them sure but to say the others are bad and I would have to raise an eyebrow
137|Originally posted by Ginrikuzuma:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I found alot of DR1 characters bad, Junko, Mukoro, asahina, toko, hifumi. And dr2 characters while less i also didnt like some,  Sonya, Mikan, ibuki, nekomaru, And in dr3 I only disliked tenko. Disliked and badly developed should be more clearly outlined.In that regard Mukuro and Hifumi (and to some extent Mikan and Tenko) I can agree with. Obviously we got nothing on Mukuro thanks to her being the first one killed. While we know her backstory later on when digging up info on her. As a character however she has none due to not being alive to show any of her own character. Unless we count the non-canon stuff like Dangan IF) Hifumi (and I guess Tenko) were rather one dimensional characters.As for the others if you dislike them sure but to say the others are bad and I would have to raise an eyebrow
138|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by Ginrikuzuma:Disliked and badly developed should be more clearly outlined.In that regard Mukuro and Hifumi (and to some extent Mikan and Tenko) I can agree with. Obviously we got nothing on Mukuro thanks to her being the first one killed. While we know her backstory later on when digging up info on her. As a character however she has none due to not being alive to show any of her own character. Unless we count the non-canon stuff like Dangan IF) Hifumi (and I guess Tenko) were rather one dimensional characters.As for the others if you dislike them sure but to say the others are bad and I would have to raise an eyebrow Ya, I guess i should have said dislike, Sorry.
139|Originally posted by NgzeroNigel:Originally posted by Mr Owl:Ya, I guess i should have said dislike, Sorry. In my opinion I love DR1 cast as they are more grounded to reality, DR2 cast is more unique and bizarre while DRV3 cast is a great mixture of both. In terms of characters even Leon is an interested character after going through his free time events. Mukuro is an interesting character as you see not only her perspective of Junko as well as a bit about her true personality. You can find a lot of depth and things of interest which each character, just depend on your cup of tea when it come to characters.
140|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by NgzeroNigel:In my opinion I love DR1 cast as they are more grounded to reality, DR2 cast is more unique and bizarre while DRV3 cast is a great mixture of both. In terms of characters even Leon is an interested character after going through his free time events. Mukuro is an interesting character as you see not only her perspective of Junko as well as a bit about her true personality. You can find a lot of depth and things of interest which each character, just depend on your cup of tea when it come to characters. I would agree with you, but that's when you go out of your way to learn about them. For people like Mr.Owl, who clearly doesn't give a crap about Tenko, he would just say that she is one-dimensional. But Kodaka did say he created every character as though they could be the main character of the story because of their uniqueness.
141|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by WizoDard:I would agree with you, but that's when you go out of your way to learn about them. For people like Mr.Owl, who clearly doesn't give a crap about Tenko, he would just say that she is one-dimensional. But Kodaka did say he created every character as though they could be the main character of the story because of their uniqueness. I said multiple times depth does not make a character less annoying... Tenko annoys me.
142|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Mr Owl:I said multiple times depth does not make a character less annoying... Tenko annoys me. Hmmmmmm...
143|Originally posted by Mr Owl:Originally posted by WizoDard:Hmmmmmm... What?
144|I love Tsumugi, Kokichi and Shuichi. But i liked a lot of characters in the end
145|Originally posted by Cutiesbae:I love Tsumugi, Kokichi and Shuichi. But i liked a lot of characters in the end
146|According to the Danganronpa sorter Shuichi, Himiko and Maki are my favorite characters.Kirumi, Kaito and Kiibo come after that.Who my favorite characters are, really depends on how much certain characters annoyed me throughout the game and how much I can tolerate them (because I bet Miu is an annoying character to a lot of people while I personally find her hilarious as hell).There aren't any characters I dislike or hate, there are just some characters I really find less interesting or appealing to me. Korekiyo (although he's dark and dramatic), Angie (although she's kinda fun), Kokichi (although he's mysterious) and Gonta (although he's such a sweetheart) are characters I just can't connect with for one reason or the other and that's why I don't like them as much, compared to the others.
147|Originally posted by Nexils:According to the Danganronpa sorter Shuichi, Himiko and Maki are my favorite characters.Kirumi, Kaito and Kiibo come after that.Who my favorite characters are, really depends on how much certain characters annoyed me throughout the game and how much I can tolerate them (because I bet Miu is an annoying character to a lot of people while I personally find her hilarious as hell).There aren't any characters I dislike or hate, there are just some characters I really find less interesting or appealing to me. Korekiyo (although he's dark and dramatic), Angie (although she's kinda fun), Kokichi (although he's mysterious) and Gonta (although he's such a sweetheart) are characters I just can't connect with for one reason or the other and that's why I don't like them as much, compared to the others.
148|Originally posted by WizoDard:  What a coincidence that your favorite characters are the survivors, xD
149|Originally posted by Nexils:Originally posted by WizoDard:  What a coincidence that your favorite characters are the survivors, xD Coincidence...? I'm not sure if that's fair. I just had the chance to spend more time with them compared to the others.For every game I decided to have one favorite male and female character. Almost like betting on horses in a race.In DR1 they both died... nearly straight away XD then the real Junko appeared and I was somewhat happy again :p Leon stayed dead, but then other guys started to become more interesting anyway, so I wasn't too sadNow DR2 was a whoooole different story... Because I really liked Sonia and Kazuichi and both of them survived. I still liked them at the end.In V3 my favorites from the start were Kirumi and Kiibo. One of them died waaay too early for me to actually like them and the other one died right before the end T^T so close :p
150|Originally posted by WizoDard:So you value experience and a developing character vs. a character that goes through one moment which develops them before they die?
151|"Originally posted by Nexils:Originally posted by WizoDard:So you value experience and a developing character vs. a character that goes through one moment which develops them before they die? I suppose so, yes. I thoroughly enjoyed Himiko's character development throughout the game. The only thing I dislike is that she was still forcefully talking about her magic until the end, while it would've been better in my opinion if she shed that character trait after chapter 2 (with her trick being exposed and her coming to terms with magic not being real etc.).[/quote]She knows her magic is fake. She's not an idiot. The reason she does that is to preserve the magic in it. Just like ""Guys, it's totally magic, please don't think deeper into it or you'll ruin the fun"".??????like that."
152|I suppose that's true, but she still held on to it. Perhaps I should spend free time with her...Figuring out why might be interesting.
153|Gonta is easily my favorite. I love seeing charcters that are abnormally big turn out to be giant sweethearts, and he took that idea and made his a personal connection!
154|Originally posted by Tibearius6423:Gonta is easily my favorite. I love seeing charcters that are abnormally big turn out to be giant sweethearts, and he took that idea and made his a personal connection!
155|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Tibearius6423:Gonta is easily my favorite. I love seeing charcters that are abnormally big turn out to be giant sweethearts, and he took that idea and made his a personal connection! I'm guessing you loved Bandai getting killed very quickly by his NG Code in DR3, ;D. [/quote]should probably put a spoiler over that.
156|Originally posted by Owlman:Originally posted by WizoDard:I'm guessing you loved Bandai getting killed very quickly by his NG Code in DR3, ;D.  should probably put a spoiler over that.
157|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Owlman:should probably put a spoiler over that. I decided not too because it's the 2nd episode of the anime, and most people have already watched it or are never going to watch the rest because they're salty...
158|Originally posted by Owlman:Originally posted by WizoDard:I decided not too because it's the 2nd episode of the anime, and most people have already watched it or are never going to watch the rest because they're salty... You never know man... And salty about what?
159|Originally posted by WizoDard:Originally posted by Owlman:You never know man... And salty about what? Some people hated the anime and didn't want to continue it...I am not sure they could hate it so early on, but life happens doesn't it?
160|Originally posted by Owlman:Originally posted by WizoDard:Some people hated the anime and didn't want to continue it...I am not sure they could hate it so early on, but life happens doesn't it? Still, im sure SOMEBODY either hasnt heard of the anime or hasnt watched it for whatever reason, its no real work to cover it up.
161|kiibo and ouma are hands down my top favorite.a character i wanted dead with my entire being is Angie. i really wanted to like her because she's cute, but she wouldn't shut up about atua
162|kaede at first, then tsumugi. monodam was also a fun character
163|Originally posted by Dolly:kaede at first, then tsumugi. monodam was also a fun character
164|1. Kokichi with huge distance to the others, damn he was so awesome. One of the most mysterious character of V3 and all Danganronnpa Games, on par with Nagito.2. Kaito, Just liked his positive personality and  how he sacreficed himself. Him working together with Kokichi was the best case in the whole game. One of the hardest Deaths for me, also he won against the Game. <-Chapter 5 End3. Maki, because she realy changed her character a lot. And the was very strong restraining herself to not kill Kokichi xD <- Chapter 5 End
165|Tenko aside from her being a manhater she expresses her emotions easily which is why I like her character. And also there is just something about Angie, aside from her being too heavy on Atua shes weird but cute character. And finally, Maki because shes like Kirigiri. For some reason the moment I met her in the demo,  I believed she would live through the whole thing so I rooted so hard for the Ultimate child caregiver. So from my 3 fav girls, Before the game it was Maki>Angie>Tenko now its Angie>Tenko>MakiFav guys my top 3 will probably be Ryoma, Kokichi and Shuichi. I never really was into shuichi's character but to me hes practically better than the remaining other guys I didnt pick. And because I thought detectives will always be important in danganronpa games so I just assumed hes safe.  Ryoma, I feel is the best character because he used to play tennis and hes a lone wolf type of person which I can relate and respect. Kokichi, well its kokichi. I listened to his english actor and I swear this guy is the reason I'd replay the game just to hear his english VA after a runthrough the game in japanese. So before the game it was Ryoma>Shuichi>Kokichi now its Ryoma>Kokichi>Shuichi.
